docs: update and enhance oidc documentation (#2142)
authelia/authelia: docs/configuration/identity-providers/oidc.md

    issuer_private_key: |                                      # [2]
      --- KEY START
      --- KEY END
    
    clients:
      - id: myapp                                              # [3]
        description: My Application                            # [4]
        secret: this_is_a_secret                               # [5]
        authorization_policy: two_factor                       # [6]
        redirect_uris:                                         # [7]
          - https://oidc.example.com:8080/oauth2/callback
        scopes:                                                # [8]
          - openid
          - groups
          - email
          - profile
        grant_types:                                           # [9]
          - refresh_token
          - authorization_code
        response_types:                                        # [10]
          - code
```

### Options

#### [1] hmac_secret

The HMAC secret used to sign the [OpenID Connect] JWT's. The provided string is hashed to a SHA256 byte string for the purpose of meeting the required format. It can also be defined using a [secret](../secrets.md) which is the recommended for containerized deployments.

> You must generate this option yourself. To generate a random string of sufficient length, you can use `openssl rand -base64 32`. If you are deploying this as a Kubernetes secret, you must encode it with base64 again, i.e. `openssl rand -base64 32 | base64`. Using secrets is always recommended.

Author: Agrees. I will change this.

#### [2] issuer_private_key

> The private key in DER base64 encoded PEM format used to encrypt the [OpenID Connect] JWT's. Can also be defined using a [secret](../secrets.md) which is the recommended for containerized deployments. The reason for using only the private key here is that one is able to calculate the public key easily from the private key in this format (`openssl rsa -in rsa.key -pubout > rsa.pem`).

Author: Not sure where to put this ATM, I found this especially irritating here so I'd like to leave it there for the time being. We can always come back, add a dedicated section where maintainers think it's appropriate and remove it here. Is that okay?

> The private key in DER base64 encoded PEM format used to encrypt the [OpenID Connect] JWT's. Can also be defined using a [secret](../secrets.md) which is the recommended for containerized deployments. The reason for using only the private key here is that one is able to calculate the public key easily from the private key in this format (`openssl rsa -in rsa.key -pubout > rsa.pem`).

Author: Moved to the FAQ.

> You must generate this option yourself. To create it, use `docker run -u "$(id -u):$(id -g)" -v "$(pwd)":/keys docker.io/authelia/authelia:latest authelia rsa generate --dir /keys` to generate both the private and public key in the current directory. You can then paste the private key into your configuration. When using Kubernetes, remember to base64-encode the private key first when using a secret. Using secrets is always recommended.

Author: 👍🏼

#### clients

A list of clients to configure. The options for each client are described below.

##### [3] id

The Client ID for this client. Must be configured in the application consuming this client as well and must match with the entry in this configuration.

##### [4] description

A friendly description for this client shown in the UI. This defaults to the same as the ID.

##### [5] secret

The shared secret between Authelia and the application consuming this client. Currently this is stored in plain text. This secret must be configured in the application consuming this client as well and must match with the entry in this configuration.

> You must generate this option yourself. To generate a random string of sufficient length, you can use `openssl rand -base64 32`. If you are deploying this as a Kubernetes secret, you must encode it with base64 again, i.e. `openssl rand -base64 32 | base64`. Using secrets is always recommended.

Author: 👍🏼

##### [6] authorization_policy

The authorization policy for this client: either `one_factor` or `two_factor`.

##### [7] redirect_uris

> A list of valid callback URL´s this client will redirect to. All other callbacks will be considered unsafe. The URL's are case-sensitive. This differs from application to application - we have provided a list of URL´s for common applications below. If you do not find the application in the list below, you will need to search for yourself - and maybe come back to open a PR to add your application to this list so others won't have to search for them.

Reviewer: It's good that you listed the apps that you use. That can really help the community. However, I'd rather move this matrix under the community section for the reasons mentioned here: https://github.com/authelia/authelia/issues/2136.
Basically, the core team cannot commit to track the changes happening on all applications in the wild. However this page of the documentation is what we actually commit to support to make it 100% accurate and relevant.

Consequently, the matrix should instead be a community work located under the community section with a comment at the top stating that this work comes from the community and cannot be guaranteed to be 100% accurate. Indeed, the state of this matrix can never be guaranteed to be true unless there are some automated tests for each item running regularly or some people are committing to check each line at least regularly enough.

Do you see my point?

Author: Agreed.

| Application | Version              | Callback URL                                             |
| :---------: | :------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------: |
| GitLab      | `14.0.1`             | `https://<DOMAIN>/users/auth/openid_connect/callback`    |
| MinIO       | `RELEASE.2021-06-17` | `https://<DOMAIN>/minio/login/openid`                    |

##### [8] scopes

A list of scopes to allow this client to consume. See [scope definitions](#scope-definitions) for more information. The documentation for the application you want to use with Authelia will most-likely provide you with the scopes to grant.

##### [9] grant_types

A list of grant types this client can return. _It is recommended that this isn't configured at this time unless you know what you're doing_.

##### [10] response_types

A list of response types this client can return. _It is recommended that this isn't configured at this time unless you  know what you're doing._

> ## Currently Tested Applications

Reviewer: Same comment as above regarding the matrix of callbacks.

Author: 👍🏼

## Options

### hmac_secret

<div markdown="1">
type: string
{: .label .label-config .label-purple } 
required: yes
{: .label .label-config .label-red }
</div>

The HMAC secret used to sign the [OpenID Connect] JWT's. The provided string is hashed to a SHA256
byte string for the purpose of meeting the required format. It can also be defined using a

> [secret](../secrets.md) which is the recommended for containerized deployments. You must

Reviewer 2: I think it makes sense to have the information about this being definable as a secret by itself, it draws more attention to it. Same for the issuer private key (and they should be a copy paste). Thoughts?

Author: I put the note about the secrets on its own line to make the reader more aware. I also swapped "Can" with "Should".

[generate this option yourself](#generating-options-yourself).

### issuer_private_key

<div markdown="1">
type: string
{: .label .label-config .label-purple }
required: yes
{: .label .label-config .label-red }
</div>

The private key in DER base64 encoded PEM format used to encrypt the [OpenID Connect] JWT's. Can also be
defined using a [secret](../secrets.md) which is the recommended for containerized deployments. The reason
for using only the private key here is that one is able to calculate the public key easily from the private

> key in this format (`openssl rsa -in rsa.key -pubout > rsa.pem`).

Reviewer 2: Regarding this comment and Clements suggestion, maybe move it to the FAQ and link to it?

Author: Alright. I moved it to the FAQ.

The maximum lifetime of an ID token. For more information read these docs about [token lifespan].

### refresh_token_lifespan

<div markdown="1">
type: string
{: .label .label-config .label-purple } 
{: .label .label-config .label-purple }
default: 30d
{: .label .label-config .label-blue }
required: no
{: .label .label-config .label-green }
</div>

> The maximum lifetime of a refresh token. This should typically be slightly more the other token lifespans. This is 

Reviewer 2: Not sure why the comment about how long the token should be was removed. However I can just add it back later in another paragraph. Other than that LGTM!

> The maximum lifetime of a refresh token. This should typically be slightly more the other token lifespans. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum lifetime of a refresh token. The
```
Since the lifespan can also be less than other tokens, I feel the sentence does not bring a lot of value. I suggest we should rather not influence people but let the administrators decide based on factual arguments and/or security requirements.

> because the refresh token can be used to obtain new refresh tokens as well as access tokens or id tokens with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refresh token can be used to obtain new refresh tokens as well as access tokens or id tokens with an
```

This controls the minimum length of the `nonce` and `state` parameters.

***Security Notice:*** Changing this value is generally discouraged, reducing it from the default can theoretically

> make certain scenarios less secure. It highly encouraged that if your OpenID Connect RP does not send these parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make certain scenarios less secure. It is highly encouraged that if your OpenID Connect RP does not send these parameters
```

{: .label .label-config .label-green }
</div>

The authorization policy for this client: either `one_factor` or `two_factor`.

#### redirect_uris

<div markdown="1">
type: list(string)
{: .label .label-config .label-purple }
required: yes
{: .label .label-config .label-red }
</div>

A list of valid callback URL´s this client will redirect to. All other callbacks will be considered

> unsafe. The URL's are case-sensitive and they differ from application to application - we have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unsafe. The URL's are case-sensitive and they differ from application to application - the community has
```

provided [a list of URL´s for common applications](../../community/oidc-integrations.md).

#### scopes

<div markdown="1">
type: list(string)
{: .label .label-config .label-purple }
default: openid, groups, profile, email
{: .label .label-config .label-blue }
required: no
{: .label .label-config .label-green }
</div>

A list of scopes to allow this client to consume. See [scope definitions](#scope-definitions) for more
information. The documentation for the application you want to use with Authelia will most-likely provide

> you with the scopes to grant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you with the scopes to allow.
```

The algorithm used to sign the userinfo endpoint responses. This can either be `none` or `RS256`. 

> ## Generating Options Yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating a random secret
```
Just an idea to make the thing more explicit.

Reviewer: The rest would need to be adapted.

> If you must generate an option yourself, you can use a random string of sufficient length. The command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you must provide a random secret in configuration, you can generate a random string of sufficient length. The command
```

The algorithm used to sign the userinfo endpoint responses. This can either be `none` or `RS256`. 

## Generating Options Yourself

If you must generate an option yourself, you can use a random string of sufficient length. The command

```sh

> LENGHT=64

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
LENGTH=64
```
